it happened after this the David
inquired of the Lord shall I go up to
any of the cities of Judah go up where
shall I go up to Hebron so David went up
there and his two wives also a he know'm
the jezreelite s and Abigail the widow
of Nabal the Carmelite and David brought
up the men who were with him every man
with his household so they dwelt in the
cities of Hebron then the men of Judah
came and there they anointed David King
over the house of Judah and they told
David the men of jabish Gilead were the
ones who buried Saul so David sent
messengers to the men of jabish gilja
you are blessed of the Lord for you have
shown this kindness to your Lord to Saul
and have buried him and now may the Lord
show kindness and truth to you I also
will repay you this kindness because you
have done this thing now therefore let
your hands be strengthened and be
valiant for your master saw is dead and
also the house of Judah has anointed me
king over them but a blur the son of nur
commander of Saul's army took ish
Boucher the son of Saul and brought him
over to mayor nian and he made him king
over Gilead over the Asha rights over
Jezreel over ephraim over benjamin and
over all Israel ich mache Saul's son was
40 years old when he began to reign over
Israel and he reigned two years only the
house of Judah followed David and the
time that David was king in Hebron over
the house of Judah was seven years and
six months
now Abner the son of nur and the
servants of ish Bosher the son of Saul
went out from Mayor name to Gibeon and
Jove the son of Zechariah and the
servants of David went out and met them
by the pool of Gibeon so they sat down
one on one side of the pool and the
other on the other side of the pool then
Abner said to Joab let the young man now
arise and compete before us
let them arise so they arose and went
over by number twelve from Benjamin
followers of ish Moshe
the son of Saul and twelve from the
servants of David and each one grasped
his opponent by the head and thrust his
sword in his opponent's side so they
fell down together therefore that place
was called the field of sharp swords
which is in Gibeon
[Applause]
so there was a very fierce battle that
day and Abner and the men of Israel were
beaten before the servants of David now
the three sons of the ayah were there
Joab and a Bechet eye and a Sahel and
sa-l was as fleet of foot as a wild
gazelle so a Sahel pursued Abner and in
going he did not turn to the right hand
or to the left from following Abner
there Abner looked behind him and said
are you after hell I am turn aside to
your right hand or to your left and lay
hold on one of the young men and take
his armor for yourself but a Sahel would
not turn aside from following him so
Abner said again to a Sahel turn aside
from following me why should I strike
you to the ground how then could I face
your brother Joab however he refused to
turn aside there for a balloonist struck
him in the stomach with a blunt end of
the spear so that the sphere came out of
his back and he fell down there and died
on the spot
so it was that as many as came to the
place where a Sahel fell down and died
Stood Still Joab and a Bechet I also
pursued Abner and the Sun was going down
when they came to the hill of Honor
which is before Gaia by the road to the
wilderness of Gilead now the children of
Benjamin gathered together behind Abner
and became a unit and took their stand
on top of a hill then Abner called to
Joe
shall the sword devour forever do you
not know that it will be bitter in the
latter end how long will it be then
until you tell the people to return from
pursuing their brethren as God lives
unless you had spoken surely then by
morning all the people would have given
up pursuing their brethren so joyous
blew a trumpet and all the people stood
still and did not pursue Israel any more
nor did they fight any more pan Abner
and his men went on all that night
through the plain crossed over the
Jordan and went through Alba throng and
they came to Mayer name so Joab returned
from pursuing Adam and when he had
gathered all the people together there
were missing of David's servants 19 men
and a Sahel but the servants of David
had struck down of Benjamin and Abner's
men three hundred and sixty men who died
then they took up a Sahel and buried him
in his father's tomb which was in
Bethlehem and Joab and his men went all
night and they came to Hebron at
daybreak
you